RG:

R Core Team should be 2015

cut out first methods para

give km2 estimate of study area

add refs for functional evenness not being useful

be clear that I'm not using FDiv, rather transforming FDis into a measure of functional divergence

put # total species and # exotic spp. somewhere (not in traits section)

make modelling section clearer re: RG comments

reverse structure of results so comments on hypotheses are up front  // disagree after playing with it. The order was purposeful as disentangling the drivers was the primary aim of the modelling/

put some subheadings in the discussion

The traits which do remain are clustered towards the edges of the range, producing hollowed-out community trait distributions." 
- RG not sure about logical progression wrt this sentence

Exotics part of the discussion needs trimming

make comment about interactions less apologetic

acknowledgements



KF:

terrestrialisation ref (poff & zimmerman 2010 will do it)

environmental homogenisation para

regional setting moved out of methods

KF wants a map (BOM basin maps)

ref for high CV (rustomji)

land use / land-use

flow regime vs hydrology - use hydrology to refer to individual components

pepper discussion with some more refs

kill or refactor the exotics discussion


Other:


"(land use not shown in Fig 1a, "

reference Greet et al. 2012 in 'flow mod causes weeds'

ref Greet again and maybe Catford in the exotics bit of the discussion - basically, we didn't really find the same patterns.

"Catchment land use and soil properties explained a substantial proportion of variation in exotic abundance, and may be more important drivers of invasion in this region."

change "appears to compete with environmental heterogeneity as a control on riparian plant diversity in this system. " to be more like 'appears to act simultaneously' ?


paper: Flooding disturbances increase resource availability and productivity but reduce stability in diverse plant communities (Nature)


check what I've said in the exotics section about flow modification having no effect. C_MinM and C_MinM.mod both had sig. relationships with exotics
- ok, I wouldn't buy the C_MinM.mod relationship as its influenced by outliers, but exotics seem to increase with C_MinM.x - this doesn't really gel with things like the CVAnnBFI relationship which is much stronger though.

don't use all the soil references